Update Configure Radio Guide: VividHosting section, label requirement, OpenMesh to bottom (#276)
FRCTeam3255/Wiki: Software/Configuring the Radio.md

# Configuring the Radio

## VividHosting (New - Black)

<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/85f24bad-50f7-4886-a943-8c965cca2e05" alt="VividHosting Radio">

1. Connect to directly the robot's radio via ethernet.

2. Navigate to the radio's configuration page. Try these IPs in order until one loads:

    | Order | IP | Reason |
    |-------|----|--------|
    | 1 | `http://10.32.55.1` | Team IP — replace **32.55** with your team number digits (`http://10.TE.AM.1`) |
    | 2 | `http://192.168.69.1` | Factory default radio IP |
    | 3 | `http://10.0.1.1` | Default after a firmware update (radio resets team number to 1) |

> 
>     !!! important
>         You must be **disconnected from school or enterprise internet** before connecting to the radio — the radio's network will not be reachable otherwise.
> 
>         Use **`http://`**, not `https://`. The radio does not support HTTPS and the page will fail to load if you use a secure connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    !!! important
        You must be **disconnected from school internet** before connecting to the radio — the radio's network will not be reachable otherwise.

        **MUST** Use **`http://`**, but not `https://`. The radio does not support HTTPS and the page will fail to load.
```
